if nothing can hold their interests
anymore
what who is this who am I talking to my
name is Louie came by the beetle you're
being chased all right stay calm
do you know where you are
Louise is that you are they still after
you
oh you again number loyal to earlier
people chasing me I lost the one mother
back looks like they don't know when to
give up
where are you do you see anything
familiar around you hi you take a seat
on your mind and a lot of people walking
around the area scream for help to get
their attention I'll try but I can't
promise I'll make it there in time
don't you think the timing of the call
was a little odd be careful this might
be a trap
Louise is that you are you okay I was
helping you I'm sorry I ran away without
waiting for you I'm just glad you're all
right
what happened you get away from those
people from before but now let me get
this straight
you're not hurt just lost and they're
not chasing you anymore the people that
were after you before yeah thank you I'm
all right now look around you do you see
any landmarks can you describe what you
see
bunch of you nearby
how far from the South Station are you I
didn't think I was going I just ran
that's gonna rest here with the bunch
little Street all right I'll come find
you stay there don't move an inch
yeah I promise this isn't a hoax you
might not believe me but I really need
your help
I swear I'm telling the truth I'll be
waiting for you I hope you'll come and
find me
Louise Louise what was she trying to
tell me
I realize this is out of the blue but
you're gonna happen to be looking for a
little girl named Louise I am how did
you know that well a good guess I've
fallen for her old pranks myself once or
twice pranks yeah she's a bored little
girl with too much time on her hands no
one around here takes her seriously
anymore
think about it and she's been living
here for several hundred years several
hundred years
I mean how easily could she get lost of
course just because she sounds like a
child no child in this world is truly a
child any longer and even if she is lost
I mean it's not as though she's hurt or
in any kind of danger or something yeah
I'm sure someone will help her out hope
what do you think
you what's going on here huh seen her
around you don't want to mess with the
likes of her
run
you must be Louise I've come to take you
home who are you
oh wait you're the nice lady on the
phone aren't you I recognize your voice
that's right finally we meet thank you
for coming to save me even after
tricking you all those times I feel bad
about what I did
really I mean all those calls before
they were just pranks
it's not a prank anymore when you find
yourself in real danger been kidnapped
is serious do you realize you would have
been killed if I hadn't shown up to tell
the truth and don't get mad I let myself
get caught I told the disciples people
and here's tonight's sacrifice for the
goddess
what why on earth would you do something
like that oh no this is hard to explain
okay I know this is going to sound a
little crazy but just try and hear me
out until the end please the fact is I
lost faith a long time ago this world
has no future we waited for hundreds of
years for God or the Savior and neither
has shown hope no one knows that there's
a tomorrow if it were just lives for
themselves no one cares about anything
or anyone so I had to find out if there
is still hope what do you mean he was a
bad okay
I put it all on the line to see if
people were really
believing in anymore I pulled my share
of pranks and cause trouble and I've
learned that most people will put up
with your tricks a couple of times but
no matter how good he act how much you
cry and how much I beg no one ever
trusts me the third time around even
though I know when to quit so I made a
bet let me get this straight you
purposefully set me up twice and bet
your life on me and my morals wagering
I'd go against your expectations you
were betting on me to answer your third
call if you did then I'd be able to keep
holding on to hope I'd want to keep on
living that's ridiculous
do you even understand how lucky you are
to be alive you wouldn't be standing
here talking to me if I hadn't made it
in time I knew you'd come and save me
though don't ask me how but I knew that
you are a good person what made you
think that you don't know me at all I
know I just believed in you somehow
maybe because I wanted to do I wanted to
believe there was still hope in this
dying world and look what happened you
came through for me just like I knew you
would all of a sudden I feel like a pawn
in your game and you're the one playing
both sides no silly
well maybe a little but I'm trying to
thank you I'm glad there are still
people like you in the world
you inspire me to keep my faith in
humanity in that case you're welcome
I guess I'm glad to hear that all that
running around was worth something
remember your life is valuable don't
ever forget that I promise I won't and
I'll never do anything like this ever
again
thank you